## Contents of this Folder
 * **train.Rda and test.Rda**: R dataframe objects of the training and test sets sampled from the Credit Card Deafult Dataset.
 * **trainDefault.csv**: A csv file created from the *train.Rda* file in a format that is comaptible with the Python implementation of the HSIC-Lasso algorithm.
 * **BenchmarkModels.R**: An R script for running the primary benchamrk algorithms (HSIC-Lasso, mRMR, CART, Random Forest with RFE Selection) and for evaluating the results of their proposed models. Runtimes of these algorithms based on 20 replications are stored in the **RunTime_mRMR_HSICLasso_DT_RF.xlsx** file.
 * **BestSubsets_RunTimes.R**: An R script for testing the two different parallelization strategies for the Hybrid Algorithm and for also testing the effects of applying subsamples of 5000 observations for GAM training.
    * First part of the script examines the runtimes of GAMs using 100 randomly generated feature subsets. This part of the script ends with generating the **FullData_RunTimes.xlsx** file.
    * Second part of the script examines the sampling distribution of the pseudo R-squared measures based on 100 replications of applying subsamples of 5000 observations for GAM training. This part of the script ends with generating the **SubSample_Rsq.csv** file.
* **HybridApplication.R**: An R script for running the Hybrid Algorithm on the Credit Card Deafult Dataset. Output of the aégorithm is exported to a file titled "resHibrid_Default.csv". Contents of the *csv* file can be found on the *resHibrid_Default.csv* sheet of the **resHibrid_BankClientsDefault.xlsx** file in order to conduct further processing and anaylsis.
